# Casiocan-
A programable clock by can bus 
This is the project i develop as part of my Embedded software formal training with MODULAR Mx
Implementation of a basic programable clock through CAN bus. This was implemented on an STM32G0B1 development board and used different peripherals like an LCD as a display, a buzzer, and a push button. The clock receives the Date, Hour, and Alarm configuration through CAN through a CAN-TP single frame format and sets this on the RTC peripheral of the microcontroller, and displays it on the LCD. The development of a simple round-robin scheduler was handled with the use of the Systick timer of the microcontroller. We can register a task to be executed with a certain periodicity by calling a function where we pass a function pointer to the address of the initialization function if the task has one, and a pointer to the task function. Software timers were implemented inside the scheduler, the software timers can be registered with a period that has to be larger and multiple of the scheduler tick the software timer has also de possibility to call a callback function when the timer reaches zero.Through the development of this project, the MISRA coding standard was learned and implemented in the code. Static coding analysis was handled by the CppCheck tool.Implementation of a basic programable clock through CAN bus. This was implemented on an STM32G0B1 development board and used different peripherals like an LCD as a display, a buzzer, and a push button. The clock receives the Date, Hour, and Alarm configuration through CAN through a CAN-TP single frame format and sets this on the RTC peripheral of the microcontroller, and displays it on the LCD. The development of a simple round-robin scheduler was handled with the use of the Systick timer of the microcontroller. We can register a task to be executed with a certain periodicity by calling a function where we pass a function pointer to the address of the initialization function if the task has one, and a pointer to the task function. Software timers were implemented inside the scheduler, the software timers can be registered with a period that has to be larger and multiple of the scheduler tick the software timer has also de possibility to call a callback function when the timer reaches zero.Through the development of this project, the MISRA coding standard was learned and implemented in the code. Static coding analysis was handled by the CppCheck tool.
The project has also a variant where the schedueler was replaced by FreeRtos funcitions

